Company
Avatar for Asper.ai
Asper.ai
Location
Bengaluru • Bangalore Urban
Job type
Full Time
Visa sponsorship
Not Available
Remote work policy
In office
Relocation
Allowed
Experience
6+ years
Skills
Python
Demand Planning/Forecasting
Demand Planning
NLP
Generative AI

Senior Data Scientist
₹40L – ₹50L
About the job
About the Company:
Asper.ai, a Fractal company, enables interconnected and automated decisions at the intersection of demand and supply. By changing how decisions are made, Asper.ai unlocks growth and transforms organizations into adaptive, intelligent enterprises.

Through its 'autonomic decisioning' platform, Asper.ai works with data to provide proactive, interconnected, and automated decisions that help customers reach their true potential – from optimizing workflows to growing the bottom line.

You can read more here: https://www.asper.ai/
https://www.linkedin.com/company/asperai/

Role Name: Sr/Lead Data Scientist
Location: Bangalore | Hybrid
Reporting to: Director Data Science
Senior Individual contributor role.

Mandates we are looking for:

Proficiency in Python (including packages like NumPy, pandas, Sklearn, Py torch, TensorFlow, matplotlib), SQL and Excel.
6 + years experience in NLP, Generative AI, data-structures and ML (Machine Learning) algorithms.
Experience in demand planning and demand forecasting
Expertise in exploratory data analysis, visualizations, ETL, hypothesis testing, experimentation, automation, etc.
Why is this role important for us?
We are building an exceptional team of data scientists to solve problems of Demand Planning, Revenue Growth Management, and other areas of Demand-Supply Agility in CPG and Retail.

We promise and deliver outcomes that are 5%-10% better than current benchmarks and do this in a transparent and scalable way. Simultaneously solving for multiple objectives of best-in-class Accuracy, Scalability, and Explainability requires best-in-class talent.

Why work with us?

Experience a fast paced, growing, and stable start-up with a culture of care at heart. You will be enabled to be your best every day – personally & professionally.
Be a part of the AI revolution and bring to life solutions that make a difference to the world. You will get to work with the latest technology in the field.
Coming to work will not feel monotonous – you get to work with some of the brightest and the nicest colleagues you will meet and build bonds for life. We work hard and have fun together as well.
Build for impact at scale with products that will fundamentally transform how CPG operates today and define for tomorrow.
*Our Ethos: *
Technology cannot do extraordinary things; it is people that make it happen.
Our culture fosters collaboration, continuous learning, innovation, and an agile approach. A truly inspiring environment that lets you thrive personally and professionally.

It would be awesome, if you also have experience working in CPG, FMCG or retail industry ❤️